hey this is my new parameters here none
of your new but um yeah I'm put again
I'm happy half-black half-puerto Rican
my dad's per week and so if I wet my
hair I get this number like and Hank yes
each other's know that about me I'm per
week anyway I'm sorry this is my new so
in I got this morning this is the kind
of here I got you didn't have my milky
way jerry curl 12-inch paid 3299 and got
a bag and a half I got um a one be at
the bottom and one beat 30 at the top
you see the little color yeah but anyway
yeah I like it I don't too much care for
big hair for me but I like here I'm
still moving as much with the camera I'm
trying to look myself when I need to be
trying to make the video sorry but
anyway yeah this is the back row fool
and that's what I like I like the
fullness but y'all let me know what you
think the reason why I wet it so early I
will come flat on it and we're straight
but it's right in here and it's been
raining since Wednesday so I decided
just to go ahead and wait it enough I
put just waiting wavy on there that I
got for my local beauty supply this
good but anyway yeah and this is jerry
curl I like this hair yeah I really do
what y'all doing so so in like I said I
got it this morning I'm going to wear it
until November the beginning of november
then I'm going to take it down because
my birthday is November the horse hey
i'll be 24 and I'm gonna get another so
in for my birthday so if y'all have any
ideas of some more Indian here and I
won't like a wave this time instead of a
curl this is cute but I'm gonna wave so
y'all knows any good Indian hair that's
wavy let me know because I'm loving this
30 to 90 91 bad either and my mom she's
a petition that she sewed it in so hey
Rick good oh yeah I'm just coming to
show y'all my Henry get her look puerto
rican around yeah y'all understood being
crazy and then is saturday so let me get
ready to get out of his house and show
off my heart you mind just playing but
yeah yeah let me know what you think and
send your ideas on some more indian hair
and more of a wavy look comment rate and
subscribe to a friend to a friend to a
friend about my channel so they can
subscribe okay
you